Magnificent Accounts of Ārya Mañjuśrī As recounted about Ārya Mañjuśrī in chapter 15 of the Heap of Jewels Sūtra: While he was the Universal Dharma King Ākāśa, he aroused enlightened intent for the first time in the presence of the Thus-Gone One King of Thunderous Voice and was prophesied to awaken, in the future, as the Thus-Gone One Samantadarśin, in a universe called Immaculate Accumulation. And even though he perfected the ten powers after accepting that phenomena are unborn, he manifests the conduct of a bodhisattva. It is taught that by merely hearing his name, barring only those with little faith, one will attain the state of unsurpassed perfect and complete awakening. The Root Manual of the Rites of Mañjuśrī states: In a distant past age, beyond countless and unfathomable eons, in a universe known as Equal, he awakened as the Thus-Gone One Nāgavaṃśāgra. And so on. There are innumerable biographies revealing every magical illusion in the Magical Net. In True Expression of the Definitive Names of the Wisdom Being Mañjuśrī: Mañjuśrī, embodiment of primordial wisdom, whose name possesses great meaning, purifies and dispels unwholesomeness. It has been said many times, as in the previous quote, that he is the embodied essence of the unveiled adamantine wisdom of all the sugatas of the four times and the ten directions. Not only does he perform inconceivable benefits for both pure and impure disciples through infinite manifold displays of body, speech, and mind, such as assuming the wrathful form of Mañjuśrī Yamāntaka in order to subdue those difficult to tame, but also, there is no scholar or siddha in India nor Tibet who is not protected by him. Likewise, there are none who do not hold him as the supreme deity. Thus, merely recalling him will liberate from saṃsāra all those who supplicate him, pacify the accumulation of obscurations along with the causes, and open the treasury of unimpeded confidence to any knowable objects. These and more are the boundless blessings of Mañjuśrī. One should know The Array of Virtues of Mañjuśrī's Buddha Realm contained in the Heap of Jewels, The Root Manual of the Rites of Mañjuśrī, and so forth for more extensive details. 
